{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Light;\f2\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red31\green55\blue77;\red38\green98\blue135;\red36\green36\blue36;
\red38\green38\blue38;\red242\green242\blue242;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c16078\c28235\c37647;\cssrgb\c18824\c46275\c60000;\cssrgb\c18824\c18824\c18824;
\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;\cssrgb\c96078\c96078\c96078;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl560\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Udacity Git Commit Message Style Guide\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl660\partightenfactor0

\fs57\fsmilli28800 \cf3 \strokec3 Introduction\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa384\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs38\fsmilli19200 \cf4 \strokec4 This style guide acts as the official guide to follow in your projects. Udacity evaluators will use this guide to grade your projects. There are many opinions on the "ideal" style in the world of development. Therefore, in order to reduce the confusion on what style students should follow during the course of their projects, we urge all students to refer to this style guide for their projects.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl660\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs57\fsmilli28800 \cf3 \strokec3 Commit Messages\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\partightenfactor0

\fs45 \cf4 \strokec4 Message Structure\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa384\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs38\fsmilli19200 \cf4 A commit messages consists of three distinct parts separated by a blank line: the title, an optional body and an optional footer. The layout looks like this:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf5 \cb6 \strokec5 type: subject\
\
body\
\
footer\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa384\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 The title consists of the type of the message and subject.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs45 \cf4 The Type\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa384\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs38\fsmilli19200 \cf4 The type is contained within the title and can be one of these types:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl440\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f3\b \cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 feat:
\f1\b0 \'a0a new feature\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f3\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 fix:
\f1\b0 \'a0a bug fix\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f3\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 docs:
\f1\b0 \'a0changes to documentation\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f3\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 style:
\f1\b0 \'a0formatting, missing semi colons, etc; no code change\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f3\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 refactor:
\f1\b0 \'a0refactoring production code\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f3\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 test:
\f1\b0 \'a0adding tests, refactoring test; no production code change\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f3\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 chore:
\f1\b0 \'a0updating build tasks, package manager configs, etc; no production code change\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs45 \cf4 The Subject\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa384\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs38\fsmilli19200 \cf4 Subjects should be no greater than 50 characters, should begin with a capital letter and do not end with a period.\
Use an imperative tone to describe what a commit does, rather than what it did. For example, use\'a0
\f3\b change
\f1\b0 ; not changed or changes.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs45 \cf4 The Body\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa384\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs38\fsmilli19200 \cf4 Not all commits are complex enough to warrant a body, therefore it is optional and only used when a commit requires a bit of explanation and context. Use the body to explain the\'a0
\f3\b what
\f1\b0 \'a0and\'a0
\f3\b why
\f1\b0 \'a0of a commit, not the how.\
When writing a body, the blank line between the title and the body is required and you should limit the length of each line to no more than 72 characters.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs45 \cf4 The Footer\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa384\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs38\fsmilli19200 \cf4 The footer is optional and is used to reference issue tracker IDs.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs45 \cf4 Example Commit Message\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs38\fsmilli19200 \cf5 \cb6 \strokec5 feat: Summarize changes in around 50 characters or less\
\
More detailed explanatory text, if necessary. Wrap it to about 72\
characters or so. In some contexts, the first line is treated as the\
subject of the commit and the rest of the text as the body. The\
blank line separating the summary from the body is critical (unless\
you omit the body entirely); various tools like `log`, `shortlog`\
and `rebase` can get confused if you run the two together.\
\
Explain the problem that this commit is solving. Focus on why you\
are making this change as opposed to how (the code explains that).\
Are there side effects or other unintuitive consequenses of this\
change? Here's the place to explain them.\
\
Further paragraphs come after blank lines.\
\
 - Bullet points are okay, too\
\
 - Typically a hyphen or asterisk is used for the bullet, preceded\
   by a single space, with blank lines in between, but conventions\
   vary here\
\
If you use an issue tracker, put references to them at the bottom,\
like this:\
\
Resolves: #123\
See also: #456, #789\
}